hey there on today's video is just going
to be a quick makeup tutorial of this
look which has been kind of my go-to
look throughout the winter and the
inspiration for this look came from my
favorite lip product of all time which
is OCC lip tar in the color black dahlia
so if you want to know how I achieve
this look then just keep watching and
I'll show you how to do it after
applying my primer I take a reddish
brown and apply it very lightly to my
crease I then take a small amount of
black on an angled brush and Mark out
the general shape of the eye makeup
whoo
taking a cool-toned burgundy eyeshadow I
apply this over the crease color and
blend upwards I also apply this to the
entire length of my lower lash line
with a fluffy brush and a dark purple
eyeshadow I apply this over the Burgundy
to create what will be a gradient into
the black eyeshadow
and then apply the black eyeshadow and
blend out into the shape that I desire
you
Oh
I go back with a fluffy brush and a
small amount of the burgundy I used to
help blend out the edges of the black
Oh
I then apply black gel liner to my upper
lash line to intensify the darkness
around my eyes as well as lining my
waterline with black
and then finally I add mascara
I've enjoyed this tutorial don't forget
to subscribe to my channel if you have
an early because I'd love to be hip
every single video like this video if
you like the look comment down below if
there's something that you would like to
see on this channel and I hope you all
have a fantabulous day